Migrated flyte sandbox docker image to use flyte-dep & flyte-core (#2446)
flyteorg/flyte: rsts/deployment/sandbox.rst

> Deploy Flyte Sandbox environment laptop / workstation / single machine

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Deploy Flyte Sandbox environment on laptop/workstation/single machine
```

=======================================================================

Ensure ``kubectl`` is installed. Follow `kubectl installation docs <https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/tools/install-kubectl/>`__. On Mac::

    brew install kubectl

> Recommend using ``flytectl sandbox start`` as describe in :ref:`getting-started`

Reviewer: This line doesn't match with the docker command used below.

> Recommend using ``flytectl sandbox start`` as describe in :ref:`getting-started`

Reviewer 2: yes it's the docker command if some one don't want to use flytectl

Flyte configuration on your remote cluster.

#. Add Helm repo for flyte 

    helm repo add flyteorg https://helm.flyte.org

> #. Install Flyte dependency helm chart(It will install the minio,postgres,kubernetes-dashboard and contour) ::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Install Flyte dependency helm chart (this will install the minio, Postgres, Kubernetes-dashboard, and contour) ::
```

    helm install -n flyte flyte-deps flyteorg/flyte-deps --create-namespace --set webhook.enabled=false,minio.service.type=LoadBalancer,contour.enabled=true,contour.envoy.service.type=LoadBalancer,kubernetes-dashboard.service.type=LoadBalancer

#. Install flyte-core chart ::

    helm install flyte flyteorg/flyte-core -n flyte -f https://raw.githubusercontent.com/flyteorg/flyte/master/charts/flyte-core/values-sandbox.yaml --wait

#. Verify Flyte deployment ::

    kubect get pods -n flyte

#. Get Flyte deployment URL ::

    kubect get service -n flyte

#. In order to interact with your Flyte instance using ``flytectl``, initialise your configuration to point to this host ::

    flytectl config init --host='<CONTOUR_URL>' --insecure

#. Open the minio console http://<MINIO_URL>. Your minio username is `minio` and password is `miniostorage`.

#. Open the Kubernetes dashboard http://<K8S_DASHBOARD_URL>.

> #. You can port-forward to connect postgres using ::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Port-forward to connect Postgres using the following command: ::
```

    kubectl port-forward --address 0.0.0.0 svc/postgres 5432:5432 -n flyte
    

> #. Now use these credentials for postgres

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Use the following credentials for Postgres:
```

Flyte configuration on your remote cluster.

#. Add Helm repo for flyte ::

    helm repo add flyteorg https://helm.flyte.org

#. Install Flyte dependency helm chart (this will install the minio, Postgres, Kubernetes-dashboard, and contour) ::

>     helm install -n flyte flyte-deps flyteorg/flyte-deps --create-namespace --set webhook.enabled=false,minio.service.type=LoadBalancer,contour.enabled=true,contour.envoy.service.type=LoadBalancer,kubernetes-dashboard.service.type=LoadBalancer

Reviewer 3: Why do we need to say "webhook.enabled=false" for the flyte-deps helm chart?
Should the others be moved to a values-sandbox.yaml inside flyte-deps helm chart?

Reviewer 2: webhook exist in both chart flyte-dep and flyte-core. We need to disable one

Reviewer 3: I don't get it. I thought the deps helm chart doesn't install any flyte components.. what webhook is this?

Reviewer 2: In sandbox lite we use flyte-dep and that needed webhook deployment

Reviewer 3: aha, it's just the external service file: https://github.com/flyteorg/flyte/blob/master/charts/flyte-deps/templates/webhook/service.yaml... alright, I get it...

? Should the others be moved to a values-sandbox.yaml inside flyte-deps helm chart?

Reviewer 2: meaning?

Reviewer 2: > Should the others be moved to a values-sandbox.yaml inside flyte-deps helm chart?

meaning ?

#. Install flyte-core chart ::

    helm install flyte flyteorg/flyte-core -n flyte -f https://raw.githubusercontent.com/flyteorg/flyte/master/charts/flyte-core/values-sandbox.yaml --wait

> #. Verify Flyte deployment ::

Reviewer 3: We should say what to do to verify... make sure all pods are "Running"... if you see anything that's crashing, check them in this order: `postgres, minio, flyteadmin, datacatalog, flytepropeller....` etc?

    kubect get pods -n flyte

> #. Get Flyte deployment URL ::
> 
>     kubect get service -n flyte

Reviewer 3: This should be the url of the ingress, right?

```suggestion
#. Get the URL of the ingress service ::

    kubect get service -n flyte
```

<Add a screenshot/code snippet of an example output here>

Flyte configuration on your remote cluster.

#. Add Helm repo for flyte ::

    helm repo add flyteorg https://helm.flyte.org

#. Install Flyte dependency helm chart (this will install the minio, Postgres, Kubernetes-dashboard, and contour) ::

    helm install -n flyte flyte-deps flyteorg/flyte-deps --create-namespace -f https://raw.githubusercontent.com/flyteorg/flyte/master/charts/flyte-core/values-sandbox.yaml

#. Install flyte-core chart ::

    helm install flyte flyteorg/flyte-core -n flyte -f https://raw.githubusercontent.com/flyteorg/flyte/master/charts/flyte-core/values-sandbox.yaml --wait

#. Verify Flyte deployment using the following command ::

    kubect get pods -n flyte

.. note::

    Make sure all pods are in Running condition. If you see anything that's crashing, check them in this order: postgres, minio, flyteadmin, datacatalog, flytepropeller.

> #. Get the URL of the ingress service ::

Reviewer 3: Looks like because of formatting of the note block above, this shows as `1.` instead of `5.` I think you need to indent the note block.

>     kubect get ingress -n flyte

Reviewer 3: I think we should do something like this: https://github.com/unionai/unionoperator/blob/main/charts/unionoperator/templates/NOTES.txt#L1-L16 to print out the URL automatically after the helm chart is installed...

Reviewer 2: let's create a separate PR for adding notes in all charts

#. In order to interact with your Flyte instance using ``flytectl``, initialise your configuration to point to this host ::

    flytectl config init --host='<CONTOUR_URL>' --insecure

#. Open the minio console http://<MINIO_URL>. Your minio username is `minio` and password is `miniostorage`.

#. Open the Kubernetes dashboard http://<K8S_DASHBOARD_URL>.

> 

Reviewer 3: We have not told them how to get these URLs, right?

Reviewer 2: done
